User Manual: update device preferences tab (#61)
gpodder/gpodder.github.io: docs/user-manual.md

**Device type:** Choose the type of device from this drop-down list that matches your player. The available options are:

-   *Filesystem-based* - Choose this device if your media player is treated like a simple USB storage device, and media files are added by copying them to a directory on the device.

> -   *iPod*

Reviewer: I've never had the opportunity to try sync with iPod. Maybe we should remove the option?

```suggestion
-   *iPod* (unsupported as of version 3.2.0)
```

Author: I'm admittedly a little confused about the state of iPod support - there seems to be code to support iPods in tree, so perhaps it was removed and then re-added at some point?

Reviewer: As I said, I never had the chance to test nor have I recent knowledge of it working for anybody it so I can't say in truth that I support it. Hence the warning.

Author: Hmm, what if I left a note saying code for iPods is added, but reports of bugs would be appreciated? Or something to that effect, not sure on the wording yet.

Looks like support was added back in circa 2022 with a9726153c78c827d8c64590585d355cb9351f968 by @thp

Author: Done with [b0c192b](https://github.com/gpodder/gpodder.github.io/pull/61/commits/b0c192bbce3d0776f6eea62906e3eb71e7c9c0b5), the note can be removed in the future.

If your media player does not support playlists or deleting tracks then you can choose to delete
tracks that have been removed from gPodder from the player when a synchronization is performed. To

> enable this check the 'Delete episodes from Device when deleted in gPodder' checkbox in the Device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enable this check the *Delete episodes from Device when deleted in gPodder* checkbox in the Device
```

Preferences dialog.

#### Custom file names

You can use custom file names when synchronising. This makes browsing files on your device much more convenient.

> The default value for the custom filename field is {episode.sortdate}_{episode.title}. This will work for most podcasts. However, occasionally you may find a podcast where the producers don't provide unique information in the tags, which can result in multiple episodes being given the same name (e.g. podcast.mp3), and thus overwriting one another on synchronisation. One workaround to this is to include the {episode.sortdate} data. Multiple fields can be concatenated, e.g.: "{episode.sortdate}\_{episode.basename}" which will result in files of the form "2012-01-14\_podcast.mp3".

Reviewer: with changed default, _However_ is not needed. I've changed the structure of the paragraph a bit. Feel free to adjust to meaningful English ;-)

```suggestion
The default value for the custom filename field is `{episode.sortdate}_{episode.title}`.

`{episode.basename}` is the episode's filename in gPodder's download folder.

Multiple fields can be concatenated, e.g.: `{episode.sortdate}_{episode.basename}` which will result in files of the form `2012-01-14\_podcast.mp3`.

Occasionally you may find a podcast where the producers don't provide unique information in the tags, which can result in multiple episodes being given the same name (e.g. podcast.mp3), and thus overwriting one another on synchronisation. This is the reason why we include the `{episode.sortdate}` data to make the resulting filename unique. ```

Author: Maybe something like f9ce1fa6e571a71431ba5088ed0db918f9ba1b03? I wish I could give a full list of available tags, but such a list might be a bit tricky to compile.
